Add app_permissions (#5131)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/Change_Log.md

# Change Log

## Calculated Permissions in Interaction Payloads

#### Jun 29, 2022

> Interaction payloads now contain an `app_permissions` field whose value is the computed [permissions](#DOCS_TOPICS_PERMISSIONS/permissions-bitwise-permission-flags) for a bot or app in the context of a specific interaction (including any custom permissions for the origin channel). Similar to other permission fields, the value of `app_permissions` is a bitwise OR-ed set of permissions expressed as a string. Read details in the [interactions documentation](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_RECEIVING_AND_RESPONDING/interaction-object).

Reviewer: Too sad this was insta-merged. :disappointed:  I think this would have been a better wording, and consistent with how this is named everywhere else:

```suggestion
Interaction payloads now contain an `app_permissions` field whose value is the computed [permissions](#DOCS_TOPICS_PERMISSIONS/permissions-bitwise-permission-flags) for a bot or app in the context of a specific interaction (including channel overrides). Similar to other permission fields, the value of `app_permissions` is a bitwise OR-ed set of permissions expressed as a string. Read details in the [interactions documentation](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_RECEIVING_AND_RESPONDING/interaction-object).
```

Author: I have another change coming up so I'll include this wording update. With changelogs, I'm mostly trying to get them deployed as fast as possible so I can post in DDevs, Github, etc.
